DOUBLE ACTION CONTRIBUTION GUIDELINES:

Legal Mumbo Jumbo. If you're contributing to Double Action, you agree that:

* You are permitting your work to be used in Double Action. You can't change
your mind about this -- once your work in merged into Double Action, it's
part of the game forevermore. (It's part of the project history also, so it
can't be undone.) You won't try to charge us royalties or fees for your work
either. You also will receive credit for all of your work.
* You did the work you submit yourself, or you responsibly source where your
work came from. You won't try to pass off other people's work as your own.
You provide your work without warranties or guarantees that it will work,
although if it doesn't we certainly won't use it. You're under no legal
obligation to do any work for Double Action.

Valve is happy to accept pull requests and issues in the source-sdk-2013
repository in these cases:
 * Changes that fix bugs in the SDK deployment process itself. The repository
   should build out of the box, and anything that prevents that is a pull
   request we want.
 * High priority bugs in HL2, the Episodes, or HL2MP that can be fixed in
   client.dll or server.dll.

* Please keep your pull requests as granular as possible. Including two or
three unrelated things in a single pull request just makes it less likely
that the uber-request will be accepted. Two small pull requests are usually
betten than one large pull request.
* You must follow the existing code conventions. This means using 
m_flHungarianNotation and CamelCaseFunctionNames(), just like Valve does. If
even one person doesn't adhere to these then the code base starts to fall
apart. (Minor diversions from the conventions are okay, Valve is hardly perfect
about it themselves.)
* If you are including a pull request with warning fixes, please include the
following information about the warning:
  . The OS and version you are building on
  . The Compiler and version you are using
  . The text of the warning (or group of warnings) itself

Other Considerations:

* Everything on this page applies: http://forums.doubleactiongame.com/viewtopic.php?p=28234
* Before you do a lot of work, talk to the design team. You may be implementing
a feature that has already been tried and hasn't worked. Or, you may be trying
to implement something that's outside the scope or design of Double Action.
Ideas are great and we love to try out new things, but it's best if you talk
with the rest of the team before putting a lot of work into something that's
been done before. The best best is to do a little bit of work at a time,
and then submit it for review by the team to get feedback and encouragement.
* If you contribute a new feature, you must be willing to support that feature.
That means:
  . Creating the feature
  . Fixing bugs and exploits related to the feature
  . Playtesting the feature
  . Improving the design of the feature based on playtesting
  . Creating user interface mechanisms to support the feature
  . Creating usability mechanics to teach the player that the feature exists
... and so on. If you don't finish your feature, then most likely we'll remove
it from the game instead of finishing it for you. For example if you create a
new stunt, you need to fix its bugs and exploits, spend time working on its
controls and handling (it took me months to get the first few stunts right) and
hook into the existing hints interface so that the player is told about the
new stunt. If you create a new gun you need to add it to the menu, hook up the
art and animations, hook up the text for it, and so on.
* You don't have to get the code perfect before you submit it to us. We
understand that everything is a work-in-progress and if you're like us then
you're likely never satisfied with your own work. That said, don't send us
work that's too unpolished. It's better to focus on a single feature and build
on it later than to send a ton of unpolished features.
* Don't forget to have fun. If you're not having fun, you're doing it for the
wrong reasons.
